are you looking to improve your Amazon
PPC performance and do not know where to
start digging in this video I will show
you how to analyze the most important
report on Amazon which is the Amazon
advertising search term report so you
can find valuable insights that will
allow you to make decisions in your
Amazon advertising so if you want to
lower your acos and improve your Roi
stay tuned I'm Rick Wong in Amazon
Seller and also the marketing manager
here at Landing Cube if you're
interested in content such as this where
we geek out on anything Amazon I invite
you to subscribe okay so I've been
selling on Amazon for almost a decade
now and Amazon has evolved a lot so I
have the number of reports that is
available on Seller Central but I still
find the Amazon advertising search term
report uh still to be the most important
and most also the most insightful report
for an Amazon seller because this report
is really not just about number of stats
it's also about understanding your
customer Journey like right from this
first customer search so for example
um you know if I see a lot of sales are
coming from product pages instead of
customer searches then the customer
Journey might be normally be from
browsing and discovering and that's like
one of the many insights that you can
actually take out from this particular
report okay so now that you kind of
understand the importance of this report
uh let's get into it so
foreign
so let's start off with uh what's Search
terms so basically what search term is
basically what if you actually go to the
Amazon website and you actually go to
like this result bar and uh it's any
customer searches so I would say uh baby
swaddle right
what um yes
so this phrase itself is the actual
search term basically whatever
particular phrase that I entered into
the search bar right here that would be
considered like a customer search right
or in the advertising report the actual
report itself is also called query right
so you can see like this is very
important info basically it's a first
data point of how the customer on Amazon
searches for your product right so that
is very important so this gives you an
idea where to allocate your ad spend or
what type of of uh marketing campaign
that you should uh really run right so
that is like the importance of um you
know finding out your customer search
term information there is a lot of
people say keywords and a lot of people
say search term a lot of people use it
interchangeably but actually it's like
very very different right so on the
keyword side it's basically more on the
seller and advertising side right it's a
basically approximate uh gauge of what
is actually the customer we're searching
for and it's not equal to keyword right
when I say approximate of what the
customer is searching for because on as
you know on Amazon advertising right
there is different match types as well
right Soldier is like the broad phrase
and exact so I'm not going to go into
details as to what they are right but
but your keyword and comes in the search
term uh is very it could be different
and do a keyword uh would sometimes
trigger a certain search term right if
it matches between your keyword on the
seller advertising side and also the
customer search on the actual search
um search bar over here so for example
in my particular example you see here in
infant Optics right so this is a phrase
match and what can actually trigger this
particular keyword is multiple Search
terms right so it could be
um infant Optics infant Optics Mount
right that could trigger it because that
is part of the phrase match so you can
see like the keywords my keywords with
this phrase batch does not actually
match up with the exact search term
right here right because it's it's not
an exact match so it's only like it's a
phrase match right so basically any uh
part of infant Optics that is part of
like the search term will get triggered
for this particular uh keyword right
here the only time word keyword and
search term are exactly the same is when
you do like exact match for a keyword
then again still like you know not
exactly matched because I think Amazon
matches the plurals the same so let's
just say infant optic and emptin Optics
as the exact match your infant optic
keywords will appear for both right so
it does it doesn't really take you know
plural into consideration okay so uh
just to um you know to be more clear of
why keywords and searches are not equal
so you can see like this particular uh
grid right here you can see that
um for product right so let's just say
these are the particular
um customer Search terms right and uh
this is the public keyword also the
match type right and these particular
search term will trigger these keywords
right these keywords for baby Tau so
baby Hood tiles so for prod match it
doesn't have to have like the baby tile
phrase in it so basically anything that
Amazon team is relatable to this
particular keyword will show up for in
phrase match the actual baby tile needs
to be within the phrase so it'll show
for this and won't show up for the ones
that doesn't have this particular phrase
in it exact so basically it will have to
show exactly as a baby cow or baby towel
plural right or baby's towel right
basically it would include anything that
is misspelling or probably singular same
plural so they all plunge up together
um yeah so even exact place it might not
equal to customer search term okay so
why is the you know search term uh very
important for Amazon PPC so basically
what the search term does again it's an
information on your customer Journey
first customer journey and these are the
exact customer searches where you can
actually make the decision whether you
want to place money on a certain
customer Journey as in the customer
search term right so if you see that a
particular search term is not doing well
for you you could um basically make sure
that you don't allocate any AD spend to
that particular search term right or if
that search term does well for you you
could allocate a lot more money to it
via say I'm adding the search term as a
keyword in your campaign right here or
create a new campaign around that
particular search term right so there's
a lot of decisions that you could make
using the Amazon search term report okay
so um how do you run the Amazon search
term report so to run the Amazon
Searcher report you basically will go to
uh Seller Central and under Seller
Central you would go to your advertising
subnav and then you're gonna hit on
campaign manager so once you're on
campaign manager you'll see the screen
right here and uh to run the report you
will go to uh sponsored ads report and
then under sponsored ads reports uh you
will say create report and then uh you
go there's the different category type
so uh would be products uh Brands and um
sponsor display so in terms of search
term report you can only create the
search term report for sponsor products
and sponsor Brands so uh in terms of
creating the report for both ad types
it's basically the same so for sponsor
product on the reporting type you're
going to select search term and then you
can select the time period so I like to
like extend the time period as far as I
can which I believe for this report
would be
um would be 90 days I think yeah no know
it would be like six yeah it would be
yeah it would be 60 days actually right
so um my first date it would be March
27th and last would be the 31st which is
today
um and then if you don't know this you
can actually schedule this uh on an
ongoing basis so let's just say I want
to run this report
um every single week or every single
month I could have it reoccurred right
on a monthly basis and send it to a
certain email it's a great way for you
to kind of collect the search term
information because as you know uh the
reporting period here it could only go
up to 60 days and to collect this
information is gold right basically
let's just say uh you want to revise
basically relaunch the product and you
want to just get additional information
in the past right for the campaign that
is like maybe done last year maybe
something changed in your optimization
where that keyword is no longer
converting and maybe you want to bring
that keyword data out and and see you
want to retest that keyword again that's
one way that you know saving previous
data will have like a positive impact in
your current PPC and having data right
to make informed decision by having the
most data is always a positive it's
never a negative so um you know make a
use of that
um recurring function on your search
term report okay so once the actual
report is run uh it was just like more
or less uh download it right and I
already pre-downloaded and the actual
report will more or less look like this
right it looks very weedy it looks a lot
to take in but I'm going to show you
exactly how we could actually use it so
um there's really four ways where we
could uh use it number one use it to add
new search term
um queries like the search term data
right in your Amazon advertising so that
would mean uh you know Finding good
search term that converted and add it
into your current campaign number two
finding negative Search terms so those
are are the ones that are not doing well
and you don't want to allocate any
budget towards it number three finding
candidates for your single keyword
campaign so I also have a specific video
that talks about single keyword campaign
and I will just link that below right
and tell you how to select your single
keyword keyword for your single keyword
campaign and why you should do a single
keyword campaign and also uh the data
that you glean from this report you
could use it for your off Amazon
advertising specifically for Google ads
and I also create a video on that also a
link got below okay so um first off
let's figure out what are the Search
terms that are driving sales for us
right so for these ones we want to say
two things they make significant sales
for us and number two their underlying
metrics are better than or average so
let's uh look into our um
averages so let's just uh insert a row
here and then let's do like the sum
total hold on some like a subtotal yeah
so total and then 100.9 so this
particular formula allows the actual
formula to update the actual subtotal
based on the filters okay so uh what are
the key stats right um if you want to
rank on Amazon there's basically two
stats that really matter number one that
is conversion rate and that number two
that is Click through right right and
obviously a cost is important but when
you want to rack on Amazon those uh two
metrics matters so let's just look at
our Baseline conversion rate and then
just look at our Baseline CTR
and then let's look at our a class as
well right
Baseline a class so that would be total
number of orders that would be here
right so number orders so our Baseline
for the account is this divided by a
number of clicks so it seems like to be
like 13 and then the click-through rate
so that would be the number of clicks
divided by The Impressions in acos uh
you know obviously I would be spent over
sales and uh these are our Baseline
stats so what we're gonna do
um so we're gonna make sure that we have
our Baseline stats handy okay so let's
find the search term that are doing well
for us so if I want to um filter it so
basically it would be anything that had
made one sale and let's filter it by the
number of sales so I also want to so in
this particular situation I want to look
at keywords that I haven't actually had
in my Amazon PPC campaigns yet so what I
would do in this situation is that I
would um
remove the exact filter here so I could
look at only Broad and phrase matches so
you're looking at the data here
um so you see like the baby monitor
Corner mounts you can see the actual a
cost a cost is lower than the average
you could see that conversion rate so
the conversion rate for this the CTR for
this is 30 much higher than the CTR of
the average so let's just say conversion
or conversion is like 50 right so it's a
lot higher than the conversion rate of
like the Baseline so this is like a
really good uh customer search term I
wonder have I actually added so these
are decisions that I make so I made
eight sales uh pretty significant and uh
let's just look in this one maybe a
whole big amounts Corner soap Mount Yeah
so basically any of these seems to be
making decent sales for me so if I want
to filter for just search terms I would
just remove this particular filter right
here and then yeah so these are search
that seems to actually convert to for me
like really well so you could also
remove the ones that only made one
conversion so maybe like one conversion
is not that significant and uh you can
see like the leftover results there's
like around like four Search terms that
have made a conversion for me for the
last UH 60 days these are the ones that
I would be very confident in adding as a
new keyword in my existing campaigns to
basically further just scale out my
Amazon advertising so the cycle replays
you add new keywords as uh you know
Broad and phrase and they would also
continue to search and mine for new
keywords and then while the exact match
basically allows you to kind of laser
focus on these particular search term
that does well for you oh okay these are
already added so basically I've already
mined these uh these Search terms into
my existing campaign so there's nothing
to do here but uh yeah so this is
basically the first thing that you can
do with your social report so the name
next thing that you could do for your
search term report is find customer
search term that doesn't do well for you
in this instance so anything that has
zero sales that has significant number
of Clicks in it so uh let me select
everything
number of clicks I would say anything
that has like around like maybe eight
clicks eight clicks with zero sales so
you can see like these are the
um the Search terms right and also these
are like the product targeting Asians
that are not doing well so you want to
make sure that you add this into your
existing campaign so for example uh
newborn Essentials uh yeah I probably
want to like add that in the source
campaign and I also want to add that
into other campaigns as well right
um so if I were to like manually add
that to each of these campaign one by
one it's very labor intensive later I
will show you a much much better way to
do this uh so just stay tuned and uh
yeah so let's just say for this one I I
know that's not doing well so I would
add it as a negative targeting with the
other keywords that are not performing
well for me either zero sales or high in
class okay so that's the second way of
how to use assertion report so now
number three we are going to find
keywords for our single keyword campaign
so you can see I think first of all
we're gonna like um sort by order so if
we do a single keyword campaign you will
need a look for a search term that does
significant sales for you right there's
no point for a keyword that only makes
like one or two sales so it has to be
one that you know I would say 10 or
above so I would say this particular one
right here is a good candidate right you
can see but the thing is like the
conversion array is like lower than
average and it's got higher than average
a cost right so maybe not this is not a
good idea but the second one on the
other hand right seem like to be a
potential candidate a hello baby monitor
amount right so you see all the stats
right here uh maybe the order is not as
high as I want but you can see like the
conversion rate is 19 versus the account
average of
13.79 so for a single keyword campaign I
would uh you know really consider this
one to be the one that I use a a single
keyword campaign for so that's another
way of me using the search on report
lastly this particular report that
allows if actually you're running it off
Amazon advertising campaign for Google
from Google AdWords right the data that
you glean from this report can be used
for adword report because Google AdWords
is also a keyword bidding type of
platform again it's not 100 of the time
that is accurate but you could kind of
bet that the customer that searched
around the same search term on Amazon
for your product will also make very
similar searches on Google ads or at the
very least you're not starting from zero
so this is also another way that I would
use the search term report if you
actually want to see how I actually set
up a Google adword account uh campaign
to be launched and advertised for an
Amazon product check out the video I
also link that below below so basically
those are the key four ways for you to
use your search term reports the other
ways to use uh the search term report is
also that you could use the data in here
to optimize your listings right so if
you actually go to your listing you
could also uh make sure the keyword that
converted right for example baby monitor
mount or hello baby amounts these uh
particular keywords or words are
included in your back end so that would
be under keyword that would be here so
I'll just make sure that the word hello
is also there as well uh and then you
can also make sure that your title is
optimized so maybe uh baby monitor might
not be the best uh it could be maybe I
want to go for in this case
um Corner camera mount or corner shelf
baby Mount if that's that's the key
search term that I'm aiming for I maybe
want to change that in my titles uh my
titles here title info Yeah so basically
you like changed it so based on your
information on social report you could
potentially improve on the title
SEO here and then just save it and uh no
not only in this data improves your
Amazon advertising performance but you
can also use it to improve your SEO as
well okay lastly all of this that I just
showed you with the search term report
is actually quite labor intensive so
what I like to use is a software called
solar metrics basically seller measures
Amazon KPC
advertising software that allows you to
streamline a lot of these like
optimization tasks that you need to do
right what I just described right here
with the search and report is quite
labor intensive because not only that
you have to fold the sponsor product
search and report but you also have to
suppose a sponsor brand as well so with
the seller metrics it basically
consolidates all your data for you and
place it right in your fingertips right
so in this case I've connected my solar
metrics to my Amazon advertising account
and if I go to analytic search term and
if I want to add so let's just say like
a particular key search term perform for
me right for example Apple this one does
really well I can just like click on
this button right here add this search
term and place it as a keyword in my
destination campaign so I could also
place it into like multiple destination
campaign as well right so let's just say
I want to place it into my sponsored
products and then later I want to place
it into my uh sponsor brand video
keyword campaign I could easily do that
with a few clicks of a button all right
so let's just say I want
1.25 and 8 while I was all created for
me
quick and easy so it's also the same for
negative as well so let's just I look
into this right and let's just say like
this filter for anything that has like
zero sales but uh you know at least
seven clicks okay so these ones right
here so seven clicks no uh orders so
this one I potentially want to add as a
negative so I could add it as a negative
very easily and I could actually place
this particular
um negative right not only on the actual
campaign that's Source from but also
within the entire um in all your
campaigns if you want right basically
all my keyword campaign I probably want
to add that as my negative so as a
keyword so match type add and another
thing I I could do uh note that I talked
about that we could do in us with the
social report it's also a single keyword
campaign so let's actually do like a
custom fill like a preset filter so
anything that is a high performing
search term right let's select filter
for that okay nothing under 25 a cost so
let's just up that a little bit to like
maybe 35. okay so you see here uh some
of the search term that converted for me
it seems like this one does pretty well
I think uh you know this was might be
the one that I talked about earlier so I
can actually easily create a single
keyword campaign around this right with
just one click of button I'm not going
to do it in this situation but uh you
know as you can see uh you know I could
actually create a single keyword within
seller metrics which is a few clicks and
it's all done right so it's much easier
than if I have to do it manually in the
actual Amazon advertising console okay
so I hope that this video has been very
insightful you know I hope that it helps
you thinking of how you could actually
leverage this report the Amazon search
term report to improve not only your
Amazon PPC but also SEO as well lastly
if you are looking to grow your business
and also audience off Amazon traffic
check out Landing Cube we are in Amazon
selling specific landing page building
software that allows you to collect
emails and monitor your off Amazon
traffic such as Google Facebook and
Reddit ads sign up now for a 21 day
trial in the link below until the next
video Drop happy selling
foreign